README.md, before:

### The [website](https://ixlab.github.io/vidautocomplete/) for Guided Querying over Videos using Autocompletion Suggestions

A critical challenge with querying video data is that the user is often unaware of the contents of the video, its structure, and the exact terminology to use in the query. While these problems exist in exploratory querying settings over traditional structured data, these problems are exacerbated for video data, where the information is sourced from human-annotated metadata or from computer vision models running over the video. In the absence of any guidance, the human is at a loss for where to begin the query session, or how to construct the query. Here, autocompletion-based user interfaces have become a popular and pervasive approach to interactive, keystroke-level query guidance. To guide the user through the query construction process, we develop methods that combine Vision Language Models and Large Language Models for generating query suggestions that are amenable to autocompletion-based user interfaces. Through quantitative assessments over real-world datasets, we demonstrate that our approach provides a meaningful benefit to query construction for video queries.

Sponsors: 
* [National Science Foundation](https://nsf.gov)
* [Honda Research Institute](https://usa.honda-ri.com) | [99P Labs](https://medium.com/99p-labs)

Commit message:

add server implementation source code

README.md, after:

### The [website](https://ixlab.github.io/vidautocomplete/) for Guided Querying over Videos using Autocompletion Suggestions

A critical challenge with querying video data is that the user is often unaware of the contents of the video, its structure, and the exact terminology to use in the query. While these problems exist in exploratory querying settings over traditional structured data, these problems are exacerbated for video data, where the information is sourced from human-annotated metadata or from computer vision models running over the video. In the absence of any guidance, the human is at a loss for where to begin the query session, or how to construct the query. Here, autocompletion-based user interfaces have become a popular and pervasive approach to interactive, keystroke-level query guidance. To guide the user through the query construction process, we develop methods that combine Vision Language Models and Large Language Models for generating query suggestions that are amenable to autocompletion-based user interfaces. Through quantitative assessments over real-world datasets, we demonstrate that our approach provides a meaningful benefit to query construction for video queries.

Implementation details, scripts, and the FastAPI demo that powers the site now live in `src/`.

Sponsors: 
* [National Science Foundation](https://nsf.gov)
* [Honda Research Institute](https://usa.honda-ri.com) | [99P Labs](https://medium.com/99p-labs)
